Christmas Pages (#72)
Slimefun/Wiki: pages/Christmas-Items.md

| Christmas Hot Chocolate | 1 Christmas Chocolate Milk | [Smeltery](https://github.com/Slimefun/Slimefun4/wiki/Smeltery) | 1 |
| Christmas Cake | 1 Sugar, 1 Egg, 1 Wheat Flour, 1 Bucket of Milk | [Enhanced Crafting Table](https://github.com/Slimefun/Slimefun4/wiki/Enhanced-Crafting-Table) | 4 |
| Christmas Caramel | 2 Sugars | [Smeltery](https://github.com/Slimefun/Slimefun4/wiki/Smeltery) | 4 |
| Christmas Caramel Apple | 1 Christmas Caramel, 1 Apple, 1 Stick | [Enhanced Crafting Table](https://github.com/Slimefun/Slimefun4/wiki/Enhanced-Crafting-Table) | 2 |
| Christmas Chocolate Apple | 1 Cocoa Beans, 1 Apple, 1 Stick | [Enhanced Crafting Table](https://github.com/Slimefun/Slimefun4/wiki/Enhanced-Crafting-Table) | 2 |

## Christmas Present
The Christmas Present is even more special. Because it has the Santa's Magic!<br>
When you open 1 of these, you can earn a random gift.

### Obtaining
The present can be crafted in [Magic Workbench](https://github.com/Slimefun/Slimefun4/wiki/Magic-Workbench) likewise:

| - | - | - |
|  | Name Tag |  |
| Red Wool | Green Wool | Red Wool |
| Red Wool | Green Wool | Red Wool |

> 

Reviewer: This doesn't exactly look good :p But I see you're discussing about it in the Discord so I assume you're working on a fix

Author: Did 1.

Christmas items are [Christmas specialities](https://github.com/Slimefun/Slimefun4/wiki/Christmas-Seasonal-Category).<br>

> These items consist of mostly foods.

Reviewer 2: Right now it kind of sounds like the items in the category are made of food.
Id propose something more along the lines of: 
`This category mostly consists of different kinds of food. `

| Christmas Fruit Cake | 1 Egg, 1 Apple, 1 Melon, 1 Sugar | [Enhanced Crafting Table](https://github.com/Slimefun/Slimefun4/wiki/Enhanced-Crafting-Table) | 4 |
| Christmas Apple Pie | 1 Sugar, 1 Apple, 1 Egg | [Enhanced Crafting Table](https://github.com/Slimefun/Slimefun4/wiki/Enhanced-Crafting-Table) | 2 |
| Christmas Hot Chocolate | 1 Christmas Chocolate Milk | [Smeltery](https://github.com/Slimefun/Slimefun4/wiki/Smeltery) | 1 |
| Christmas Cake | 1 Sugar, 1 Egg, 1 Wheat Flour, 1 Bucket of Milk | [Enhanced Crafting Table](https://github.com/Slimefun/Slimefun4/wiki/Enhanced-Crafting-Table) | 4 |
| Christmas Caramel | 2 Sugars | [Smeltery](https://github.com/Slimefun/Slimefun4/wiki/Smeltery) | 4 |
| Christmas Caramel Apple | 1 Christmas Caramel, 1 Apple, 1 Stick | [Enhanced Crafting Table](https://github.com/Slimefun/Slimefun4/wiki/Enhanced-Crafting-Table) | 2 |
| Christmas Chocolate Apple | 1 Cocoa Beans, 1 Apple, 1 Stick | [Enhanced Crafting Table](https://github.com/Slimefun/Slimefun4/wiki/Enhanced-Crafting-Table) | 2 |

## Christmas Present

> The Christmas Present is even more special. Because it has the Santa's Magic!<br>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Christmas Present is even more special because it has Santa's Magic!<br>
```

> When you open 1 of these, you can earn a random gift.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you open 1 of these, you obtain a random gift.
```
The usage of can here imposes that there is also the possibility of not receiving anything at all.
Unless that is actually the case, I suggest removing the can from that sentence

### Obtaining

> The present can be crafted in [Magic Workbench](https://github.com/Slimefun/Slimefun4/wiki/Magic-Workbench) likewise:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The present can be crafted in a [Magic Workbench](https://github.com/Slimefun/Slimefun4/wiki/Magic-Workbench) like so:
```
[likewise is not 100% correct in this context](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/likewise)

## Christmas Present
The Christmas Present is even more special because it has Santa's Magic!<br>

> When you open 1 of these, you obtain random gift.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you open 1 of these, you obtain a random item.
```
Obtaining a random gift here sounds sort of weird because gift is a synonym for a present, and opening a present to get a gift is weird
